fs: added fs.writev() which exposes syscalls writev() (#25925)
nodejs/node: doc/api/fs.md

active codepage with the `chcp 65001` command. See the [chcp][] docs for more
details.

> ## fs.writev((fd, buffer, [position], callback);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## fs.writev(fd, buffer, [position], callback);
```

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

* `fd` {integer}

> * `buffer` {ArrayBufferView[]}

Reviewer: May be clearer to use plural `buffers` here

> * `buffers` {ArrayBufferView[]}

Reviewer 2: Yeah, we have some cases ([for example](https://nodejs.org/api/buffer.html#buffer_class_method_buffer_concat_list_totallength)) and we [have it covered](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/43dd49c9782848c25e5b03448c8a0f923f13c158/tools/doc/type-parser.js#L158-L159) in the doc tools.

> * `buffers` {ArrayBufferView[]}

Reviewer 3: Awesome. Thanks for confirming @vsemozhetbyt :-)

* `position` {integer}
* `callback` {Function}
  * `err` {Error}
  * `bytesWritten` {integer}

>   * `buffer` {Buffer|TypedArray|DataView}

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  * `buffers` {ArrayBufferView[]}
```

Write an array of `ArrayBufferView` to the file specified by `fd` using `writev`.

> `position` refers to the offset from the beginning of the file where this data

Reviewer 5: does ArrayBufferView increment iov base addresses for us under the hood?

using a file position param feels a little confusing to me because
it raises the question immediately in my mind:
* aren't we missing all the iovec address positions?

is `position` a single number or does it correspond to the buffers?

```man
from WRITE(2)       BSD System Calls Manual:
```

For writev(), the iovec structure is defined as:
```c
struct iovec {
  char   *iov_base;  /* Base address. */
  size_t iov_len;    /* Length. */
};
```
> Each iovec entry specifies:
> * the base address and
> * length of an area in memory

> from which data should be written.

should be written. If `typeof position !== 'number'`, the data will be written
at the current position.

> The callback will be given three arguments `(err, bytesWritten, buffer)` where

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The callback will be given three arguments `(err, bytesWritten, buffers)` where
```

> `bytesWritten` specifies how many _bytes_ were written from `buffer`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`bytesWritten` specifies how many total _bytes_ were written from `buffers`.
```

active codepage with the `chcp 65001` command. See the [chcp][] docs for more
details.

## fs.writev((fd, buffer, [chunkLength, [offset, [length, [position]]]], callback);
<!-- YAML

> added: v0.0.12

Reviewer 4: This should be `REPLACEME` for a new API.

active codepage with the `chcp 65001` command. See the [chcp][] docs for more
details.

## fs.writev(fd, buffers, [position], callback);
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

* `fd` {integer}
* `buffers` {ArrayBufferView[]}
* `position` {integer}
* `callback` {Function}
  * `err` {Error}
  * `bytesWritten` {integer}
  * `buffers` {ArrayBufferView[]}

Write an array of `ArrayBufferView` to the file specified by `fd` using `writev`.

`position` refers to the offset from the beginning of the file where this data
should be written. If `typeof position !== 'number'`, the data will be written

> at the current position.

Reviewer 3: Can we have a test to make sure that this actually happens? Also, subsequent writes should happen at the current position.

details.

## fs.writev(fd, buffers, [position], callback)
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

* `fd` {integer}
* `buffers` {ArrayBufferView[]}
* `position` {integer}
* `callback` {Function}
  * `err` {Error}
  * `bytesWritten` {integer}
  * `buffers` {ArrayBufferView[]}

Write an array of `ArrayBufferView` to the file specified by `fd` using `writev`.

`position` refers to the offset from the beginning of the file where this data
should be written. If `typeof position !== 'number'`, the data will be written
at the current position.

The callback will be given three arguments `(err, bytesWritten, buffers)` where
`bytesWritten` specifies how many _bytes_ were written from `buffers`.

If this method is invoked as its [`util.promisify()`][]ed version, it returns
a `Promise` for an `Object` with `bytesWritten` and `buffers` properties.

It is unsafe to use `fs.writev()` multiple times on the same file without
waiting for the callback. For this scenario, [`fs.createWriteStream()`][] is
recommended.

On Linux, positional writes don't work when the file is opened in append mode.
The kernel ignores the position argument and always appends the data to
the end of the file.

> ## fs.writevSync(fd, buffers, [position])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## fs.writevSync(fd, buffers[, position])
```

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

* `fd` {integer}
* `buffers` {ArrayBufferView[]}
* `position` {integer}
* Returns: {number} The number of bytes written.

For detailed information, see the documentation of the asynchronous version of

> this API: [`fs.writev(fd, buffer...)`][].

Reviewer 2: Missing bottom reference.

Author: I do not understand.

Reviewer 2: Currently, this link is not rendered as a link, you need to place this reference at the file bottom:
```md
[`fs.writev(fd, buffer...)`]: #fs_fs_writev_fd_buffer_position_callback
```

As references are sorted in ASCII order, it needs to be placed after this one:
```md
[`fs.writeFile()`]: #fs_fs_writefile_file_data_options_callback
```

For detailed information, see the documentation of the asynchronous version of
this API: [`fs.write(fd, string...)`][].

> ## fs.writev(fd, buffer [, position], callback)

Reviewer 2: Sorry, unneeded space:
```suggestion
## fs.writev(fd, buffer[, position], callback)
```

Write an array of `ArrayBufferView` to the file specified by `fd` using `writev`.

`position` refers to the offset from the beginning of the file where this data
should be written. If `typeof position !== 'number'`, the data will be written
at the current position.

The callback will be given three arguments `(err, bytesWritten, buffers)` where
`bytesWritten` specifies how many _bytes_ were written from `buffers`.

If this method is invoked as its [`util.promisify()`][]ed version, it returns
a `Promise` for an `Object` with `bytesWritten` and `buffers` properties.

It is unsafe to use `fs.writev()` multiple times on the same file without
waiting for the callback. For this scenario, [`fs.createWriteStream()`][] is
recommended.

On Linux, positional writes don't work when the file is opened in append mode.
The kernel ignores the position argument and always appends the data to
the end of the file.

## fs.writevSync(fd, buffers[, position])
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

* `fd` {integer}
* `buffers` {ArrayBufferView[]}
* `position` {integer}
* Returns: {number} The number of bytes written.

For detailed information, see the documentation of the asynchronous version of

> this API: [`fs.writev(fd, buffer...)`][].

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
this API: [`fs.writev(fd, buffers...)`][].
```

For detailed information, see the documentation of the asynchronous version of
this API: [`fs.write(fd, string...)`][].

## fs.writev(fd, buffers[, position], callback)
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

* `fd` {integer}
* `buffers` {ArrayBufferView[]}
* `position` {integer}
* `callback` {Function}
  * `err` {Error}
  * `bytesWritten` {integer}
  * `buffers` {ArrayBufferView[]}

> Write an array of `ArrayBufferView` to the file specified by `fd` using `writev`.

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
Write an array of `ArrayBufferView`s to the file specified by `fd` using
`writev()`.
```

Reviewer 7: ^^^^ non-blocking

> `position` refers to the offset from the beginning of the file where this data

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
`position` is the offset from the beginning of the file where this data
```

(non-blocking suggestion)

should be written. If `typeof position !== 'number'`, the data will be written
at the current position.

> The callback will be given three arguments `(err, bytesWritten, buffers)` where

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
The callback will be given three arguments: `err`, `bytesWritten`, and `buffers`.
```

> `bytesWritten` specifies how many _bytes_ were written from `buffers`.

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
`bytesWritten` is how many bytes were written from `buffers`.
```

(Like all the other suggestions I'm making, this does not need to block landing this.)

> If this method is invoked as its [`util.promisify()`][]ed version, it returns

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
If this method is [`util.promisify()`][]ed, it returns
```

a `Promise` for an `Object` with `bytesWritten` and `buffers` properties.

It is unsafe to use `fs.writev()` multiple times on the same file without

> waiting for the callback. For this scenario, [`fs.createWriteStream()`][] is

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
waiting for the callback. For this scenario, use [`fs.createWriteStream()`][].
```

If this suggestion is applied, the next line needs to be deleted as well.

> recommended.

Reviewer 7: If the previous suggestion is accepted, this line should be deleted.

On Linux, positional writes don't work when the file is opened in append mode.
The kernel ignores the position argument and always appends the data to
the end of the file.

## fs.writevSync(fd, buffers[, position])
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

* `fd` {integer}
* `buffers` {ArrayBufferView[]}
* `position` {integer}
* Returns: {number} The number of bytes written.

For detailed information, see the documentation of the asynchronous version of

> this API: [`fs.writev(fd, buffers...)`][].

Reviewer 7: Since there's only one version of `fs.writev()`, the link probably doesn't need to specify `(fd, buffers...)`. That's useful for `fs.write()` because the buffer vs. string versions are documented separately, but that's not an issue for `fs.writev()`.

[`fs.write(fd, buffer...)`]: #fs_fs_write_fd_buffer_offset_length_position_callback
[`fs.write(fd, string...)`]: #fs_fs_write_fd_string_position_encoding_callback
[`fs.writeFile()`]: #fs_fs_writefile_file_data_options_callback

> [`fs.writev(fd, buffer...)`]: #fs_fs_writev_fd_buffers_position_callback

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
[`fs.writev(fd, buffers...)`]: #fs_fs_writev_fd_buffers_position_callback
```

[`fs.write(fd, buffer...)`]: #fs_fs_write_fd_buffer_offset_length_position_callback
[`fs.write(fd, string...)`]: #fs_fs_write_fd_string_position_encoding_callback
[`fs.writeFile()`]: #fs_fs_writefile_file_data_options_callback

> [`fs.writev(fd, buffers...)`]: #fs_fs_writev_fd_buffers_position_callback

Reviewer 7: If https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/25925/files#r314580192 is accepted, this will also need to be updated appropriately.
